BUSCO Genome Assembly Completeness Assessment (v5.8.0)\
======================================================\

Description:
    This command block executes BUSCO 5.8.0 to evaluate the completeness of the 'florida_brilliance.fasta' 
    genome assembly. BUSCO assesses quality by searching for a predefined set of expected 
    single-copy ortholog genes (BUSCOs) for a given lineage, reporting how many are complete, 
    fragmented, or missing.

Execution Steps:
    1. export TMPDIR=/Volumes/LACIE/busco/busco_florida: Sets the temporary directory (`TMPDIR`) 
       to the output location. This is crucial for BUSCO to store intermediate files during processing.
    2. busco: Invokes the BUSCO command (version 5.8.0).
    3. Input Assembly: -i /Users/michal/Desktop/thesis_2/data/busco/florida_brilliance.fasta: \
       Specifies the genome assembly FASTA file to be assessed.
    4. Analysis Mode: -m genomes: Specifies that the input file is a genome assembly.
    5. Lineage Dataset: -l eudicots_odb10: Specifies the lineage-specific set of universal 
       single-copy orthologs to search against (Eudicots OrthoDB v10).
    6. Gene Prediction: --metaeuk: Enables the use of the GeneMark-ES gene prediction step 
       if the assembly is a genome, improving accuracy in finding genes.
    7. Output Directory: -o /Volumes/LACIE/busco/busco_florida: Sets the directory where the 
       final results, reports, and plots will be saved.
    8. Parallel Processing: --cpu 8: Specifies that the analysis should utilize 8 CPU cores 
       to expedite the computational tasks.

Purpose:
    To generate a standardized report on the expected gene content completeness of the 
    'florida_brilliance' genome assembly relative to the Eudicots lineage.
"""

BUSCO

export TMPDIR=/Volumes/LACIE/busco/busco_florida
busco \
  -i /Users/michal/Desktop/thesis_2/data/busco/florida_brilliance.fasta \
  -m genomes \
  -l eudicots_odb10 \
  --metaeuk \
  -o /Volumes/LACIE/busco/busco_florida \
  --cpu 8\
